Adding docs (#68)
kubescape/kubescape.io: docs/docs/operator/runtime-threat-detection.md

By default, all the rules are enforced on all workloads.
You can customize the bindings of the rules to the workloads by editing the CRD.
The CRD supports Kubernetes selectors to bind the rules to specific workloads.

> You can find the CRD definition [here](https://github.com/kubescape/helm-charts/blob/main/charts/kubescape-operator/templates/node-agent/default-rule-binding.yaml).

Reviewer: This is not the definition, but [here](https://github.com/kubescape/helm-charts/blob/main/charts/dependency_chart/clustered-crds/crds/runtime-rule-binding.crd.yaml)

Author: Yep thanks for that, my bad.

* Unexpected system call
* Unexpected capability used
* Unexpected domain request
* Unexpected Service Account Token Access
* Kubernetes Client Executed
* Exec from malicious source
* Kernel Module Load
* Exec Binary Not In Base Image
* Malicious SSH Connection
* Fileless Execution
* XMR Crypto Mining Detection
* Exec from mount
* Crypto Mining Related Port Communication
* Crypto Mining Domain Communication
* Read Environment Variables from procfs
* eBPF Program Load
* Symlink Created Over Sensitive File (additionalPaths parameter can be used to specify additional paths to be checked).
* Unexpected Sensitive File Access (additionalPaths parameter can be used to specify additional paths to be checked).
* LD_PRELOAD Hook
* Hardlink Created Over Sensitive File (additionalPaths parameter can be used to specify additional paths to be checked).

The rules are written in golang and are compiled into the Node-agent binary, in the future we plan to support custom rules.
Some of the rules support parameters that can be set in the Rule Binding CRD.

> More rules are planned to be added in the future and will be better documented in a separate document.

Author: sure.

> More rules are planned to be added in the future and will be better documented in a separate document.

Reviewer 2: So, please delete line 131.

--set nodeAgent.config.stdoutExporter=true
```

## Alert aggregation

> When doing anomaly detection, you are relying on the fact that you will record the normal behavior of the application and then compare it to the current state. This means that if we missed something (e.g syscall/file access) during the learning phase, we will generate a lot of alerts during the runtime phase. To avoid this, we recommend using a learning phase that is long enough to capture all the relevant behavior of the application the default is 24h. In addition, we recommend you to consider disabling the "Unexpected file access" rule or any other anomaly rule (Unexpected...) as long you are not doing any alert aggregation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When running anomaly detection, the system relies on the fact that normal application behavior was recorded and can be compared to the current state. This means that if something was missed (e.g syscall/file access) during the learning phase, the system will generate many alerts during runtime. To avoid this, we recommend using a learning phase that is long enough to capture all the possible behavior of the application. The default is 24h. In addition, we recommend you to consider disabling the "Unexpected file access" rule or any other anomaly rule (i.e. those that start eith the word 'Unexpected') as long you are not doing any alert aggregation.
```
